feat(misc): Replace Text, TextContent, TextList and TextListItem with Content - PART 2 (#10643)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-core/src/demos/Banner.md

            </Flex>
          </Banner>
          <PageSection>
            <Content>
              <h1>Main title</h1>
              <p>

>                 Body text should be Overpass Regular at 16px. It should have leading of 24px because <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                Body text should be Red Hat Text at 1rem(16px). It should have leading of 1.5rem(24px) because <br />
```
this aligns with our higher level typography rules/docs

          <FlexItem grow={{ default: 'grow' }} style={{ minHeight: 0 }}>
            <DashboardWrapper breadcrumb={null}>
              <PageSection>
                <Content>
                  <h1>Main title</h1>
                  <p>

>                     Body text should be Overpass Regular at 16px. It should have leading of 24px because <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    Body text should be Red Hat Text at 1rem(16px). It should have leading of 1.5rem(24px) because <br />
```
